well no I wanted to ask you about that
ash vs The Evil Dead TV show I haven't
heard anybody help taxes and maybe I'm
wrong but the people get remake at the
very last frame of film sets you up that
you're going to meet me I believe is our
game is there any chances what's your
day I can't her name just went out of
may not be getting leave you there any
chance she's going to come in to the
show that's not where the stories are
headed right now it's ash and a couple
of other misfits are going to be teamed
up together in this show four stars
which would be later this year mostly we
want to just get the band back together
get the original lash back get Sam Raimi
back and put this on its feet and so
we're pretty excited we're going back to
New Zealand to shoot this where I've
done three other TV shows you like now
that you think that there's like a plan
for five seasons yeah what I heard you
got to have a clue you know you can't
just expect this to fall off the truck
you have to plan for success you have to
let's say assume right or wrong that
this thing's going to go for more than
one season you have to structure your
show accordingly so yeah you have to
have like a five year plan just in case
you get fortunate enough to go five
years then you're ready for it so there
is a chance we can see Jane me to come
in ah yes I yes I would not say no that
would be awesome now what about fede
alvarez who directed that is there any
chance because I know Sam Raimi's
directing the first episode you haven't
heard well taking on directing duties
for the rest of you yeah we don't know
yet we're still starting to you know get
the lineup but you know fette would be a
very logical choice if that's how it
comes around and we've run into a lot of
good directors that I've worked with in
the past and burn notice and hercules
and xena there's a lot of very qualified
Kiwi directors that will be using also
that are not household names but Rob
chaput and Sam Raimi and I know these
guys who have directed us for us for
years while Kim Maggie because you get
into the ER that I know Sam Ruby items
done if you were never involved
you know but I know that ran for a year
I director Xena episodes I was a guest
star in zine episodes for several years
and yeah Hercules as well then I did
another show jack-of-all-trades so this
will be my fourth show down there I'm
looking forward to it well now is there
anybody it from veena that's going to
come in like that any of the stars or
anything Lucy Lawless will be on ash vs.
Evil Dead she has just joined our cast
so that's pretty it was pretty cool
right who didn't hear you Lucy Lawless
from Xena the star of Xena she's on our
show now officially as well ok well
that's my time thanks so much Bruce is
always exciting to eat the chat with you
for a few minutes thank you appreciate
it ok really looking forward to Ashley
Evil Dead that's got to be such a fun
thing to go back and be on stars later
this year tune in when you're not
watching khan TV exactly we'll watch it
all